1.When and Why we use extends keyword ?
inherit the feature of parent class and we can add extra feature also in child class as well
Extends means that you are creating a subclass of the class you are extending.
and implements means you are using elements of parent Interface in child class.

2.how inheritance will helps us
it reduces the code by reusabity of parent class code.
provides polymorphism with methodOverriding.

3.Multiple Inheritance and does java support multiple inheritance?
When one class extends more than one classes then this is called multiple inheritance. 
Java doesnot support Multiple Inheritance because to avoid amiguity.
It causes Diamond Problem.
Exp:Class D extends both classes B & C.
Now lets assume we have a method in class A and class B & C overrides that method in their own way.
 Wait!! here the problem comes – Because D is extending both B & C so if D wants to use the same method
 which method would be called (the overridden method of B or the overridden method of C).
 Ambiguity. That’s the main reason why Java doesn’t support multiple inheritance.

4.When and Why we use Implements keyword ?
Implements is used to inherit the elements of parent interface into child class.
Implements is used for inheritance in Inteface which have only declarations.

5.How many interfaces does a class can implement
A class can implement more than one interface.but A Java class can only extend one parent class.

6.Why and when do we need abstract classes?
It may or may not include abstract methods. 
Abstract classes cannot be instantiated, but they can be subclassed.
When an abstract class is subclassed, the subclass usually provides implementations for all of the abstract methods in its parent class.
 However, if it does not, then the subclass must also be declared abstract.

7.Can abstract class has a constructor
Yes
We can acess it by using "super" keyword.

8.when constructor from abstract class is called


9.Diff between super and this
"Super" is a reference variable which is used to call the super class member from sub class.
where as "this" is also reference variable which is used to call the current class object or member.
"This" keyword is used to access its own instance properties (since it can only access instance variables and methods.
"Super" is used to call immediate base class constructours.
It is used to basically initialize the parent class. 
"Super" statement should always be first statement. 

10.What do you know about Object clas in java and when we use equals method in java
Object is the super class of all classes in java.
it is in java.lang package.
we use equals method  to compare two objects.
Hashcode() also checks the objects, it checks references,and equals checks boths hasghcode and values.
so if we use equals() then  override the hashCode method is done.	
hashcode and equals are methods of class Object.

